Custom Provider – Specify the go mod init command (#1226)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/extend/writing-custom-providers.html.md

contents of the main function consume Terraform's `plugin` library. This library
deals with all the communication between Terraform core and the plugin.

> The plugin will need to be created as a go module, so you should run the 
> command to initialize the go module.
> 
> ```shell
>  go mod init terraform-provider-example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using Go modules for dependency management, to define this directory as the root of a module, use the `go mod init` command:

```shell
 go mod init example.com/terraform-provider-example
```
